you shouldn't have come here this is our
300,000 dead and county that's not a war
history it's genocide these people they
have no food we can either help or we
can sit back and watch country destroy
itself on CNN Rangers Delta's today we
go name Blackburn date of birth to 2775
that was trained to fight you join the
fight zone I was trying to make a
difference so guess what you're going
out today what that's what you wanted
isn't it oh yeah hell yeah
remember one everybody else shoot and
shoot in the same direction
you ever shot at any bit before no sorry
me neither once that first bullet goes
past your head politics go right out the
window
babies maybe that pick up with you there
my men are surrounded by thousands of
Somali militia I need help now
[Music]
where's the rescue squad we're
can't do it it's what you do right now
that makes a difference
they blast me why did you do it man they
want understand it's about the men next
[Music]
no one gets left behind you know that
nobody has to be here sometimes turns
out that way
you